In order to get SVNManager up and running on your web server you need to proceed the following 
steps:

1. Make sure your server answers to the following requirements:

	A Linux or Windows Web server, running:
		- Apache 2 web server				
		- Subversion SVNWebDAV for Apache 
		- MySQL database or PHP5 SQLite support (standard)
		- PHP5
		- PHP Pear with VersionControl_SVN package (alpha)
		
	Apache:								http://www.apache.org
	Subversion:							http://subversion.tigris.org
	MySQL:								http://www.mysql.org
	PHP:								http://www.php.net
	PHP pear (with VersionControl_SVN):	http://pear.php.net
	
2. Unpack the SVNManager package somewhere in your web server directory
	
	*** It is no longer necessary to include the js directory in your web server's root path!
	
3. Edit the config.php according to your situation (config.php.linux is a Linux template and 
   config.php.win is a Windows template. Please copy correct template over config.php):
	
	a. Enter language variable

	b. Enter the locations of the Subversion command line tools and the Apache
	htpassword tool on your system.
	
	c. Enter the location of the Subversion repository folder, the Apache htpassword file
	and the Subversion access file. Also enter location where svn can write its config files.
	
		IMORTANT: 
		
		These files and folders need to be readable and writeable by the user that
		is running the Apache server! 

		You must start with an empty repository folder, because SVNManager will overwrite 
		existing folders when you create them via SVNManager. If you want to add existing 
		repositories, dump them, see Subversion manual and load them via SVNManager, or use
		the Import function.
	
	d. Enter the address of your smtp server
	
	f. Enter the Data Source Name of the back end database:
		
		This can either be the location of a mysql database, e.g. on your system or
		a SQLlite database on your webserver. 
		
		In case of MySQL you need to create an empty database yourself and, if
		necessary create a user for accessing this database. The tables of this
		database will be created automatically at the first time you start SVNManager.
		
		In case of the SQLite database you need to make sure that the user that is
		running the web server has write access to the location where your database
		resides. When you start SVNManager the first time, the SQLlite database will
		be created automatically. Further, the location shouldn't be accessible to the
		Internet and therefore the 'svnmanager' subdirectory is suggested, since read
		access is restricted by means of a .htaccess file!  
		
	g.	Enter the login data of a temporary administrator account
		
		This account can be used to login the first time. This account will be disabled
		after you have created a user with SVNManager, with administrator privileges.
		
		*** The first thing you should do after installing SVNManager, is creating an
		user with administrator privileges ***
		
4. Browse to the URL of SVNManager on your Server
	a. Login with the temporary administrator account 
	
	b. Create an new user with administrator privileges ('Add' Button)
	

Note: This web application is made with help of the PRADO:
"PRADO is a component-based and event-driven Web programming framework for PHP 5."

see http://www.pradosoft.com


Regards,
M. Verkerk 